docs(cloud): port Azure get-well cloud changes (#1323)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/compute-envs/azure-batch.md

There are two types of Azure credentials available: access keys and Entra service principals.

Access keys are simple to use but have several limitations:

- Access keys are long-lived.
- Access keys provide full access to the Azure Storage and Azure Batch accounts.
- Azure allows only two access keys per account, making them a single point of failure.
- Access keys do not support VNet/subnet configuration.

Entra service principals are accounts which can be granted access to Azure Batch and Azure Storage resources:

- Service principals enable role-based access control with more precise permissions.
- Service principals map to a many-to-many relationship with Azure Batch and Azure Storage accounts.

> - Some Azure Batch features, such as VNet/subnet configuration, are only available when using a service principal.

Author: Following up on this, @MichaelTansiniSeqera

To use Entra for authentication, you must create a service principal and managed identity. Seqera uses the service principal to authenticate to Azure Batch and Azure Storage. It submits a Nextflow task as the head process to run Nextflow, which authenticates to Azure Batch and Storage using the managed identity attached to the node pool.

Therefore, you must create both an Entra service principal and a managed identity. You add the service principal to your Seqera credentials and attach the managed identity to your Azure Batch node pools.

> - In dual-pool mode (where separate pools are used for head and compute jobs), each pool is assigned only its relevant managed identity.

Author: ```suggestion
- Where separate pools are used for head and compute jobs, each pool is assigned only its relevant managed identity.
```

1. In Azure, create a user-assigned managed identity. See [Manage user-assigned managed identities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities) for detailed steps. Take note of both the **client ID** and the **resource ID** of the managed identity when you create it.
1. The user-assigned managed identity must have the necessary access roles for Nextflow. See [Required role assignments](https://docs.seqera.io/nextflow/azure#required-role-assignments) for more information.
1. Associate the user-assigned managed identity with the Azure Batch Pool. See [Set up managed identity in your Batch pool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool) for more information.

   :::note

>    In dual-pool mode, you can assign separate managed identities to the head and compute pools. Each pool receives only the managed identity relevant to its role.

Author: cc @MichaelTansiniSeqera

1. In Azure, create a user-assigned managed identity. See [Manage user-assigned managed identities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-manage-user-assigned-managed-identities) for detailed steps. Take note of both the **client ID** and the **resource ID** of the managed identity when you create it.
1. The user-assigned managed identity must have the necessary access roles for Nextflow. See [Required role assignments](https://docs.seqera.io/nextflow/azure#required-role-assignments) for more information.
1. Associate the user-assigned managed identity with the Azure Batch Pool. See [Set up managed identity in your Batch pool](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/hpc/batch/use-managed-identities-azure-batch-account-pool#set-up-managed-identity-in-your-batch-pool) for more information.

   :::note

>    In dual-pool mode, you can assign separate managed identities to the head and compute pools. Each pool receives only the managed identity relevant to its role.

Author: ```suggestion
   When you use separate head and worker pools, you can assign separate managed identities to the head and compute pools. Each pool receives only the managed identity relevant to its role.
```

    :::
1. Specify custom **Environment variables** for the **Head job** and/or **Compute jobs**.
1. Configure any advanced options you need:

    - Use **Max wallclock time** to set the maximum duration a job can run. The default is 7 days. Accepts human-readable duration syntax (e.g., `7d`, `12h`, `1d6h30m`). The maximum allowed by Azure Batch is 180 days. Existing compute environments without this setting use Nextflow's default of 30 days.

    - **Job cleanup toggles** control how Nextflow process jobs are managed on completion. Active jobs consume the quota of your Azure Batch account. Three independent toggles are available:

      | Toggle | Default | Description |
      |--------|---------|-------------|
      | **Delete jobs on completion** | Off | Permanently deletes all jobs and their tasks from Azure Batch when the workflow finishes. |
      | **Delete tasks on completion** | On | Deletes individual tasks from jobs when they complete successfully. Failed tasks are preserved for debugging. |

>       | **Terminate jobs on completion** | Off | Sets jobs to terminate when all their tasks complete. Jobs remain in "completed" state but are no longer active. |

Author: ```suggestion
      | **Terminate jobs on completion** | On | Sets jobs to terminate when all their tasks complete. Jobs remain in "completed" state but are no longer active. |
```
